README.md, before:

# [Github Page](https://valerionew.github.io/triennale-elettronica-polimi/) - [Netlify](https://triennale-elettronica-polimi.netlify.app/)

![Github Actions](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/actions/workflows/hugo.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/059819a0-9cee-4dde-9301-8b6baf2885f8/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/triennale-elettronica-polimi/deploys)

# Feature

- Webite hosting student notes of the Electronics Engineering course of [Politecnico di Milano](https://www.polimi.it/en)
- Both [bachelor](https://www.polimi.it/corsi/corsi-di-laurea/1/2023-ing-ind-inf-1-livord-270-mi-357-ingegneria-elettronica) (italian) and [master](https://www.polimi.it/en/programmes/laurea-magistrale-equivalent-to-master-of-science/M/2022-ing-ind-inf-magord-270-mi-476-electronics-engineering-ingegneria-elettronica) (english) of science
- Webite builded with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) and hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- [Bearblog](https://github.com/janraasch/hugo-bearblog) theme
- Love for electronics
- [Go Api](https://github.com/TIT8/go-api) to contact contributors

# To contribute, please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/wiki/How-to-add-new-notes)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/wiki/How-to-add-new-notes)

# Known issue

This issue is specific to Firefox and occurs exclusively on Github Pages (not on Netlify) when the [Dark Reader extension](https://darkreader.org/) is installed. While using this extension, toggling between dark and light themes may result in unexpected behavior when navigating to different pages on the website. To resolve this issue, it is necessary to completely disable the extension, rather than merely disabling it for the website.

# [Report Copyright Violation](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Copyright&template=report-violazione-di-copyright.md)

[![Copyright violation](https://img.shields.io/badge/copyright-violation-red?style=flat)](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Copyright&template=report-violazione-di-copyright.md)

Commit message:

Prepare the merge [skip ci]
- Pussia via "Know Issue" dal Readme (finally)
- Readme typo

README.md, after:

# [Github Page](https://valerionew.github.io/triennale-elettronica-polimi/) - [Netlify](https://triennale-elettronica-polimi.netlify.app/)

![Github Actions](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/actions/workflows/hugo.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/059819a0-9cee-4dde-9301-8b6baf2885f8/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/triennale-elettronica-polimi/deploys)

# Feature

- Webite hosting student notes of the Electronics Engineering course of [Politecnico di Milano](https://www.polimi.it/en)
- Both [bachelor](https://www.polimi.it/corsi/corsi-di-laurea/1/2023-ing-ind-inf-1-livord-270-mi-357-ingegneria-elettronica) (italian) and [master](https://www.polimi.it/en/programmes/laurea-magistrale-equivalent-to-master-of-science/M/2022-ing-ind-inf-magord-270-mi-476-electronics-engineering-ingegneria-elettronica) (english) of science
- Built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) and hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- [Bearblog](https://github.com/janraasch/hugo-bearblog) theme (slightly modified)
- [Go Api](https://github.com/TIT8/go-api) to contact contributors
- Dark and light mode
- Love for electronics

&nbsp;

# To contribute, please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/wiki/How-to-add-new-notes)

[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/wiki/How-to-add-new-notes)


# [Report Copyright Violation](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Copyright&template=report-violazione-di-copyright.md)

[![Copyright violation](https://img.shields.io/badge/copyright-violation-red?style=flat)](https://github.com/valerionew/triennale-elettronica-polimi/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Copyright&template=report-violazione-di-copyright.md)
